# {%= name %} {%= _.badge('fury') %} {%= _.badge('travis') %}

> {%= description %}

## Getting Started
_If you haven't used [grunt][] before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started][] guide._

From the same directory as your project's [Gruntfile][Getting Started] and [package.json][], install this plugin with the following command:

```bash
npm install {%= name %} --save-dev
```

Once that's done, add this line to your project's Gruntfile:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('{%= name %}');
```

If the plugin has been installed correctly, running `grunt --help` at the command line should list the newly-installed plugin's task or tasks. In addition, the plugin should be listed in package.json as a `devDependency`, which ensures that it will be installed whenever the `npm install` command is run.

## The "{%= shortname %}" task

### Overview
In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `{%= shortname %}` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  {%= shortname %}: {
    options: {
      // Task-specific options go here.
    },
    target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    }
  }
})
```

### Options

#### options.separator
Type: `String`
Default value: `',  '`

A string value that is used to do something with whatever.

#### options.punctuation
Type: `String`
Default value: `'.'`

A string value that is used to do something else with whatever else.

### Usage Examples

#### Default Options
In this example, the default options are used to do something with whatever. So if the `testing` file has the content `Testing` and the `123` file had the content `1 2 3`, the generated result would be `Testing, 1 2 3.`

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  {%= shortname %}: {
    options: {},
    files: {
      'dest/default_options': ['src/testing', 'src/123']
    }
  }
})
```

#### Custom Options
In this example, custom options are used to do something else with whatever else. So if the `testing` file has the content `Testing` and the `123` file had the content `1 2 3`, the generated result in this case would be `Testing: 1 2 3 !!!`

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  {%= shortname %}: {
    options: {
      separator: ': ',
      punctuation: ' !!!',
    },
    files: {
      'dest/default_options': ['src/testing', 'src/123']
    }
  }
})
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [grunt][].

## Release History
{% if (changelog) {
  _.each(changelog, function(details, version) {
    var date = details.date;
    if (date instanceof Date) {
      date = grunt.template.date(new Date(date.getTime() + date.getTimezoneOffset() * 60000), 'yyyy-mm-dd');
    }
    print('\n * ' + [
      date,
      version,
      details.changes.join(' '),
    ].join('\u2003\u2003\u2003'));
  });
} else { %}
_(Nothing yet)_
{% } %}

## Authors

**Jon Schlinkert**

+ [github/jonschlinkert](https://github.com/jonschlinkert)
+ [twitter/jonschlinkert](http://twitter.com/jonschlinkert)

**Brian Woodward**

+ [github/doowb](https://github.com/doowb)
+ [twitter/doowb](http://twitter.com/jonschlinkert)

## License
{%= copyright %}
{%= license %}

***

_This file was generated by [grunt-readme](https://github.com/assemble/grunt-readme) on {%= grunt.template.date("fullDate") %}._

[grunt]: http://gruntjs.com/
[Getting Started]: https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt/blob/devel/docs/getting_started.md
[package.json]: https://npmjs.org/doc/json.html
